add documentation for verify-api-groups (#5829)
kubernetes/community: contributors/devel/sig-testing/verify-tests.md

Analysis configuration can be found at [kubernetes/kubernetes/hack/testdata/levee/levee-config.yaml](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/hack/testdata/levee/levee-config.yaml).
Contact SIG-Security with any additional questions.

### `verify-api-groups`

This verification script validates the different api-groups by reading

> the respective `register.go` file. Every register file should contain
> a GroupName from where the different representations can be
> gathered. Also, the other representations will be, `group_dirnames`,
> `external_group_versions`, `expected_install_packages`.
> 

Reviewer: Should implies convention, use 'must' instead if it's a hard requirement.  Remove implementation details and extra blank line
```suggestion
the respective `register.go` file. Every register file must contain
a `GroupName`.
```

> We do a search of all the above mentioned representations in the
> register files to get the exact values. If `group_name` exists in the
> current register file then the same value is assigned to the
> representation field. Below is the condition to evaluate the
> `group_name`,
> 
> ```bash
> if grep -q 'GroupName = "' "${register_file}"; then
> 		group_name=$(grep 'GroupName = "' "${register_file}" | cut -d\" -f2 -)
> else
> 		echo "${register_file} is missing \"const GroupName =\""
> 		exit 1
> fi
> ```
> 

Reviewer: Remove implementation detail
```suggestion
```

> Another check which is performed when this script runs is to ensure
> client gen is being collected properly. There is a list called
> `groups_without_codegen` which holds name of groups we expect not to
> have clients generated for them. And this happens for types that
> aren't served from API server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another check which is performed when this script runs is to ensure
that all types have client code generated for them, except types that
belong to groups not served from the API server (defined in this 
script via the bash array `groups_without_codegen`)
```

Author: Updated as per suggestions

> In the last check of the script, we check for `import_known_versions`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, the script compares the `GroupName`s against `import_known_versions.go`
```

to ensure the import packages will get installed. We list out packages

> which are required without instllation along with importing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which are required without installation along with importing
```

`known_version`. Then we do a search for packages that reqiure
installation on the basis of `packages_without_installation`. We
verify if file is a `known_version_file` or not only if an
`expected_install_package` is present in it.

> At the end, we do a check of all the `groupversions` to ensure they
> are in the init.sh file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally the script checks that all external group versions (e.g. `foobar/v1`) are defined
in `hack/lib/init.sh` in either the `KUBE_AVAILABLE_GROUP_VERSIONS` or
`KUBE_NONSERVER_GROUP_VERSIONS` bash variables
```

Author: Updated as per suggestion.
